I what's up everybody wish your boy
Google hey John it is sep tember 17 2010
big day for a PlayStation on the
PlayStation today's the lunch at the
playstation move and some of the
PlayStation Move gains or at least one
place a new game here we are with sports
champions um this is the actually
purchase the playstation move bundle
from amazon com amazon headed up there
for almost a guy 499 something that's
how much they like to retail price
anyway of it is anyway bit anyway I'm
the PlayStation bundle it came with a
playstation move controller of course
that's the little ice cream concealer
that look if you all sing videos though
it comes with this game sports champions
and it comes with a PlayStation I um I
really don't need the PlayStation
alright have a PlayStation not but my
guesses won't hurt to have another one
anyway let's get right into it I'm I've
actually already played two of the games
i played i actually let me just show you
the games that they have on here um
first of all they got disc golf then we
move only have gladiator duel archery
beach volleyball both see your bouquet
i'm not sure i pronounced that but
that's definitely not an American sport
played that game and then you have table
tennis um that's far I've only tried out
disc golf in the archery and I have to
say both the controls and everything
works perfectly works extremely well
with it I'm very very pleased and very
very satisfied with it but let's just go
ahead and get into a game I probably
just do a video for each one of these
games just to show like this tutorial
and a little bit of the game page so
let's go ahead and start off with disco
something I've actually already played
before
you have three options you have
championship Cup which happiest couples
just one player game where you play
against the different characters on here
the beetle in such like that free play
we played where I guess with apparently
up to four different people and I you
rather get you play it gets up up to
four different live people where you can
play against the computer and you have
challenged mo versus lock right now the
description just says disc golf
mini-games I haven't unlocked as I don't
know exactly all the that's in there so
that's just going to a free plate um
I've already learned the controls to
what to do but official you gots a
tutorial one hurt curve throws
and this and this goal of the tutorials
going to 22 tutorials why right here you
see curve throws and then you have intro
to the disc golf so let's start with
intro to disc golf course used to leg
with your right hand or left hand and a
variety and before the actual game
starts you have just a little tips that
you can scroll through they tell you the
best the best places to stay in the
front of your TV we're going to have
your PlayStation I set up and all the
awesome optimal settings and listen on
the other whatever go ahead and hit the
PlayStation Move wedding because we're
ready and also before his game I know
you can't see me here but my lights are
off in my room so it's completely dark
and I have a black shirt on so that's
not helping the situation there before
each and every game you have to
calibrate up yourself and it's just four
separate little steps it's three or four
carat leg movement first steps just
ended by your side next one about your
shoulder venice by your side again and
then putting that your belt and there
you got let's get into their training of
disc golf make sure you are standing
with throwing arms shoulders with your
throwing arm shoulder pointing towards
the screen all right with honors point
sources player i just position my body
like got my man here position all white
man let's go hold down the T or the
trigger button to pick up a disc that's
on the back of the playstation move
controller i swing your arm for it and
then release the trigger button to throw
before i do all of that just wanted to
see you man obviously I don't have a
video of my
right now that the controls are pretty
much one to one the ratio is as seamless
as perfect as I move my arm my wrist the
game moves the rest on screen I mean
this beautiful me is not not really like
any lag or anything that I'm noticing
thus far I'm moving my wrist no
seamlessly in us and it's happening
perfectly on screen the tutorials not
actually showing you but right there
next to the guy that's actually
demonstrating what I supposed to do
that's actually your power meter me
however hard you flip your wrist towards
the PlayStation